docs: Search Metadata Batch 02 (#14589)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/security/acl/acl-tokens.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: ACL Tokens
description: >-

> Tokens authenticate users, services, and agents in Consul’s ACL system. Learn about token attributes, special-purpose and built-in tokens, and how to pass a token’s SecretID in the CLI and API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tokens are used to authenticate users, services, and agents and authorize their access to resources in Consul. Learn about token attributes, special-purpose and built-in tokens, and how to pass a token’s SecretID in the CLI and API.
```
